stone you eat the ball after you
give ballancourt and your partner
robert herbin as in itself the
sphinx does not mince the words to
the training is live it's
effective
eight preparation matches so far
with a promising balance sheet if we except
the misstep before auxerre ol
set for purpose of course the
comeback in first division with a
not insignificant recruitment lario this
cuesta and rusty alongside others
experienced players what are the rates
illogical
bokkie and other ferries the essential
it is to note the progression of
this team
the amalgam that is between d and
new and then the old ones and
note also that out of the eight
we managed to score
many buses and the most score
narrowed and and against auxerre we
have scored only one goal because
the preparation is done normally and
the profession is very good we will be
in my opinion ready for the beginning of
championship after his troubles at
abroad jean-françois larios I want
to rebuild a professional health he
has the frankness to recognize that he has
not right to the mistake I get a game
where he saying I have no right to
to make mistakes and to be well
in my skin is enjoying mansle and then here
in lyon I met an excellent
atmosphere of competent leaders
ambitious and then especially a team
ambitious with excellent comrade and at
from there I can be satisfied with
choice I made olivier rouyer the
rust as it is called will soon
29 years the purgatory of the second
division after ten years in the elite
do not come it's a beating and then
with robert herbin the current passes
excellent excellent is my father-in-law
and I knew by the adventurous
Etienne but I did not know
personally and there I discovered a
very open man and in addition he knows
very very good football
no regret so to have left
strasbourg oh no absolutely no I'm
mediated because the death knell of a party
train to see lyon has its chances well
sure we will defend them thoroughly then the
French team
we would like to go back then you know
the team of France I think that's me
three years that I have not put the
feet it's for me it's telling you that
that does not stop me from sleeping
no it's okay and then if I have the
happiness with lyon 2 rooms and why
you never know the full of things
can happen
and why not rusted again
France team I can tell you what
meaning it's still the first astonished
lacuesta felix third rookie of shock
from the ol he had formed a strong tandem
with jean francois larios if there is
a few years in bastia saint-etienne
this amalgam of ancient greens and
chevrolet club lyonnais is the
new look of ol with nice
saint-etienne null to mention just these
three candidates for the ascent in the
same group the Lyonnais will not have to
make a gift